[Joy] Miscellaneous fixes (#33750)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/list/list.md

{{"demo": "DividedList.js"}}

> For horizontal list, only `inset="gutter"` works on list divider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When in a horizontal list, the only available pattern for the divider is `inset="gutter"`. 
```
